David Kucic is an exceptional realtor that displays the integrity and values of our Military Family. David went above and beyond the call of duty during the processes of house-hunting, working with mortgage companies, and getting us through the closing with the title company. Whenever we had any questions, about anything, David quickly found the answers for us. He made sure that we were fully aware of everything going on in all of the processes involved. His realtor wife, Tonya, also helped us out a few times in addition to his excellent service. Together, they really make a great team. Not only have they become our favorite realtors, they have also become our friends. We recommend them highly to anyone seeking realtor services because of their thorough knowledge of the real estate business, exceptional work ethic, and wonderful dispositions – they were a pleasure to work with!!  Brigadier General Frank and Beverly Tate

THIS REVIEW IS WAY OVER DUE!  You military? Need a realtor….look no further, call David Kucic of Hawaii Military Realty!  I cannot speak highly enough of David Kucic and Hawaii Military Realty.  Being in the military, it was good to know that David was no stranger to the military.  Arriving in Hawaii back in 2010 on military orders, my family was beyond blessed in purchasing our beautiful home through David. We were not first-time homebuyers, so we knew the type of agent we wanted. We met with several realtors, but knew instantly the David Kucic was the realtor for us.  David’s professionalism, his wisdom, knowledge, dedication, experience and willingness to go above and beyond for our family was absolutely amazing! His values are evident. He is a person of integrity, honesty and loyalty.  David Kucic is the real deal! So much so, that when I received orders to leave Hawaii, we knew to call David. By now, David was not only our agent who sold us our home back in 2010…he was family.  We knew David would take care of us. And David did not disappoint us. Prior to leaving the island, he walked us through what needed to be done to sell and the expectations. Long story short, without a hitch, we had more offers than we knew what to do with, and the house sold/closed in 45 days. It felt great to received our double-portion blessing!! GOD IS GOOD!  Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, David Kucic and Hawaii Military Realty!! We pray God bless you, your family and your business 100-fold in return for all you have done for our family.  CSM Toese and Retta Tia

My wife and I met David through another friend who knew him.  As soon as we began discussing what it would take to sell our home, we knew David was the guy to help us.  He was knowledgeable about the area, understood the dynamics of the market, and “got us” as a military family.  He helped figure out how our home should be presented, and we had two offers in nine days after our home went on sale.  David helped us navigate the intricate world of home sales and stayed with us throughout the process, patiently answering every question we put to him.  Even more than recommending him to the public, I would recommend him to a friend or family member.  Absolutely top notch.  LTC Russ Meyer

My husband and I were renting a house when we first moved to Hawaii.  My husband decided we should look around for something to purchase even though we were in a lease.  So we started looking.  We met David Kucic at an open house.  We immediately liked David because he is so personable.  But even better, he was totally knowledgeable and was able to make suggestion about getting released from our lease.  Bottom line….David helped us get our dream home in Hawaii.  We cannot say enough good about David’s professionalism.  He made this the easiest purchase we have ever made.  I strongly recommend Hawaii Military Realty.  Mr and Mrs Rich and Sue Fabrizius

My family and I recently relocated from Hawaii to the mainland, and David Kucic not only sold our home in less than 2 weeks, but he found us a beautiful pet-friendly month-to-month rental for us to stay in for 6 weeks after our previous house closed before we flew off island.  I can’t fully express how grateful I am to have been recommended David as a realtor.  I would recommend Hawaii Military Realty to anyone I know.  Mr and Mrs John and Megan Freeman

David was the best part of our home buying process. He was very responsive and took great interest into what we were looking for and could afford. There were regular emails and calls from David letting us know what was on the market that fit our family’s needs. As first time home buyers we had many questions and no idea what we were getting into. David was able to address and explain everything we did not understand. This put us at ease and gave us the confidence needed to take this big step. In a matter of a couple weeks, David was able to get us ready to purchase our first (and brand new) home. David stuck with us through the start of buying, all the way to title, and even after we moved in. We cannot thank David and Hawaii Military Realty enough for their professionalism and attention to our concerns. I cannot recommend a better person or company to use when you are ready to purchase a home.  Mr. and Mrs. Mitch and Jac Tomei

David Kucic was a tremendous help. He knew the market well, priced it right and helped me get my asking price.  He anticipated things before they happened, did more than he had to, answered all my questions.   David has a great attitude and instills confidence that he can get the job done.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for a realtor on the Leeward side.  You can go wrong with him!!!!  Mr Rick Fall

We bought our first home through Hawaii Military Realty this past March. David made the home buying process very easy.  He walked us through all the paperwork and made us feel at ease through the closing process. David’s 1SG experience is obvious as his communication was never delayed and always detailed. I don’t think I ever went more than a few hours or usually a few minutes without a response to my emails. I plan on selling or renting my home through Hawaii Military Realty when I move.  CPT Justin and Sydney Tonelli

David is the MAN!  A man with integrity, an incredible passion and work ethic.  He’s on the ball with everything.  He really made selling our home stress free.  Even helped us get MORE than we’d hoped for.  Mahalo David for not only helping me sell my home but also my brother’s home as well!  YOU ROCK!  If you want someone you can TRUST to get you the best service and price for your home, give David a call today!  Certainly the BEST IN THE BUSINESS!  MAJ Matt Masuyama

When it was time to sell our our Cyprus Point home in Ewa Beach, we placed the call to David Kucic and his Hawaii Military Realty team.  Our choice was simple.  Every morning as she walked the dogs, my wife would see FOR SALE signs throughout the neighborhood.  The houses with UNDER CONTRACT or SOLD on the signs all seemed  to belong to Hawaii Military Realty.  David did not disappoint us in our decision, smoothly guiding us to a sale which met all our needs.  David was personally very pleasant to work with, quick to share all information concerning the market and potential buyers, and was thoroughly prepared in all aspects of the sale.  We highly recommend his services.  CDR Jim and Monika Scola

I have known David & Tonya for a few years now.  When I needed a Realtor, I called upon David Kucic to help me and my family.  Selling a home and relocating can be very stressful and uncertain.  David & Tonya put us at ease and stood by us every step of the way.  David gave us all the information that we needed to make confident decisions during the sale of our home.  He also helped us find a pet-friendly rental (not an easy task) and helped us find our new home.  We are so very grateful for David & Tonya!  They are both truly great people who love what they do, love helping people and are such a joy to work with.  I would highly recommend David – if you need a Realtor, give him a call!  Thanks David & Tonya  from the bottom of our heart!  Mr and Mrs JR and Dawn Balmilero

When we decided to sell our home we wanted a Realty Company that we could trust, who would work with us, and who knew the quality and pricing of the homes in Ewa Beach.  We met David and knew he was our guy.  Besides the immense knowledge he and Tonya have, they are professional, detail orientated, have strong ethics, and were there every step of the way during the process.   When we had questions or concerns they answered and resolved them making the sale of our home as stress free as possible for us.  There aren’t enough adjectives to describe our experience with Hawaii Military Realty.  Our home sold one day after it was on the market.  Hawaii Military Realty is awesome.  We highly recommend them and would use them again if the opportunity presented itself.  Mr and Mrs Bob and Carmie Luke

 

David was my agent during the purchase of my first home where I bought a short-sale townhouse in Ewa Beach. I found David through an online forum and he came highly recommended. After meeting with David and explaining what I wanted, he drove me around and showed dozens of homes (on several different occasions). When I finally found several homes I really liked he helped me navigate through the short-sale process every step of the way. David prepared very aggressive offers for each property and I ended up getting the one I really wanted – at my initial offer. I have since moved from the island and David is now my property manager. From purchase to rental, David has offered advice, recommendations, and prompt monthly payments from my new tenant. David is high-energy, professional, prompt, and most importantly sincere about his line of work. Although he would be a great agent for anyone in the market, he is especially sensitive to military, being a military veteran himself. I feel secure knowing my biggest investment is being managed by David. Lastly, David will tell you to search carefully when shopping for a mortgage broker, but he recommended Jay Oku. They have been working together for some time, and David certainly didn’t steer me wrong. Jay made the whole purchase process easy and secured the lowest interest rate available at the time. When the seller’s agent postponed closing due to a severe oversight on their part, Jay not only kept the deal together, he even saved me several thousand dollars on my lock-extension. These guys make a great team and I am happy I found them. Happy hunting!  Kyle Gearen

I U.S. Army SGM (R) Eric O. Johnson wanted to take this opportunity to thank you for your assistance with my recent property purchase.  Your support in finding my home made the difference! You were referred to me by good friends who were extremely pleased and grateful for your help when they purchased their new home.  They were impressed by your attention to details that they might not have considered, to both protect their interest and to save money. I wholeheartedly agree with their opinions!  I was returning from my deployment to Afghanistan.  And, I really appreciate how much time, effort and importance you placed on my real estate search. Not being familiar with the area and living out of town, I was fortunate to rely on your guidance and expertise with a sense of trust that my requirements and interests were your highest priority in finding that perfect property.  In addition, your strong and positive network with related professionals and business streamlined the process. You should know that you are held in high esteem by your peers, as I discovered during our association.  1SG (R) David Kucic, you exceeded my expectations, and I hope to work with you again.
Sergeant Major (Retired) Eric Johnson

In January 2012 I received notification of my new assignment to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. Initially, my wife and I were thrilled, especially since we planned on buying our first home together. Unfortunately, that wave of excitement turned quickly to despair as I was later notified that I would be deploying to Afghanistan shortly after our arrival. This predicament left me with approximately six months to complete my current assignment at the Command and General Staff College in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, finish my graduate school, move myself and my wife from two different locations, purchase a home and get my family established there prior to my departure. I was overwhelmed, and asked myself how was I going to do all of this? While I did not have a plan, God did and introduced David Kucic into our lives in February 2012. After our first conversation, I knew that this was the man who was going to put all of our worries at ease and find our future home.  With minimal guidance, David sought out to find the perfect home for my family and I, which he found in less than 30 days. While this may not sound like a huge feat to some, I offer those who think so to first consider that the majority of our coordination occurred over email and phone calls with the Pacific Ocean and five time zones serving as two of the many obstacles interdicting my need to find and close on a home in an expeditious manner. Despite our many roadblocks, David was tenacious in his search, working around the clock until he completed his mission.  His process was precise and methodical, and included the introduction and provision of all recorded data on the property. If we expressed interest, he then visited the home personally, in order to assess the property, the neighborhood and surrounding area as well as provide other services my wife and I would have never thought to ask.  Of note, each of these assessments not only came with a wealth of valuable information and perspective, but also included a multitude of digital photographs and video tours, which enabled my wife and I to create our top 10 list of homes to visit. In March of 2012, my wife and I visited the island, where David was first to greet us, provided personal transportation and coordinated a successful visit of each of our properties of interest in less than 48 hours (including last minute follow-up showings of three properties).   Upon completion of our visit, my wife and I selected three properties for bidding and as soon as we came under contract, David truly began to shine. To start, he directly contributed to the successful negotiation of our agreed purchase price, which was less than $125K of the sellers’ original asking price.  In addition to his skillful negotiation and handling of all paperwork, which again was all completed via phone and email, David also ensured we met all time benchmarks to meet our contractual obligations and closing dates, which I am happy to report that we met every single hard time. With every requirement, David always had a way or recommendation for us such as whom to hire for pest inspections or his top preferences for home inspectors. And somehow, amidst this whirlwind of activity, he still had the presence of mind to remind us of other additional and more personal requirements such as setting up utilities (which he provided all contacts for) and even helping us locate companies to aid in our desired renovations. David also served as our protector, ensuring that the sellers, despite their attempts, did not escape their responsibilities to us, to include one case in particular where he denied their request for a waiver from their responsibility of a potential change in our HOA dues. He also, on his own accord, investigated into the HOA dues change in hopes of officially documenting such changes prior to our closing, preventing my wife and I from gaining any financial liability to cover the difference in cost. David served as our liaison between our various loan and mortgage representatives to ensure they were also staying with our timeline and that all parties were on the same page with respect to the closure of our new home. Lastly, David served as our caretaker, conducting a final walk-through of our home prior to closing, signing for our keys, fobs and garage remotes since we were still not on island yet and even taking time out of his own schedule grant access to our home improvement contractors so they could finish our renovations prior to our arrival to Oahu.  In short, to say that David provided exceptional service to my family and I through his experience, knowledge, integrity, objectivity and negotiation skills would truly be an understatement. In a word, David was a Godsend, whose phenomenal service, dedication and attributes translated into the successful closing of our home. It is because of the single-handed efforts of this fine individual that I was able to conduct one of the most complex moves of my Army career without issue, move my family into our new home and deploy to combat, knowing that my family is safe and settled. David granted me piece of mind, protection, mentorship and friendship, which I will always treasure and consider myself blessed to have had him as my Realtor. 1SG(R) Kucic has my respect, admiration and endorsement so much that I refer anyone I meet searching for a new home in Hawaii to him, so that they may share the same fortune and phenomenal service that I once experienced. It would be my absolute honor to work with him and his family again if the opportunity presented itself.  I thank you for your time and wish all of you the very best from across the globe in Kandahar, Afghanistan…mahalo and aloha!  Major Boyce and Brandie Buckner

Mr. Kucic represented my wife Donna and me on a short sale in Hawaii at 91-1010 Kalehuna St, Kapolei, HI 96707.  We had been trying to re-modify and requested for a Home Affordable Foreclosure Alternative (HAFA) on our home for at least a year and a half with Bank of America but had not been successful due to for unseen reasons.  After my return from deployment and a few deaths in our family, we were at a point where we had exhausted all of our income and resources, so we turned to Mr. Kucic for help on 24 May 2011.  We wanted him to know it was our full intention to pay what we owed, but at the time, it was not possible to do so.  We asked Mr. Kucic for the help and assistance and stated we would appreciate if you could work with us to short sale our home so we could avoid a default and make amends with our Bank. Mr. Kucic did not hesitate; he went to work as quickly and professionally as one could be asked to do so.   On 24 May 2011 we requested assistance from Mr. Kucic.  On 9 July 2011 Mr. Kucic contacted us with a full price offer on the short sale of our home.  On 23 September 2011 our short sale was complete, we were extremely relieved. Donna and I could not have asked a better real-estate agent to represent us and be as personal, kind and understanding.  We will always keep Mr. Kucic in our hearts, minds and prayers .   Mr. Kucic is definitely a True Professional look what he did for us in less than 120 days.  Mr. Kucic, Thanks for all you do, Timothy L. & Donna R. Alger

When buying our house we had a specific workable but difficult budget. After verbally settling on our first available choice, David noticed that my fiance was not particularly happy with the home. He took it upon himself and continued to look at available property listings in the area. After just a couple days of an extensive search, David was able to locate a home meeting all the criteria we discussed at a price lower than budget. The property was owned by a military member who was scheduled for a deployment overseas. At first the military member was wanting to rent the property, then later decided to sell after some discussions with his spouse. Upon this notification, David explained my situation and the seller was very quick to accept my first offer. In this particular sell, the seller was upside down on his loan, even with this David was able to tactfully negotiate a deal to where the seller would use the a USACE Housing Assistance Program (HAP) which was designed to help military service members in this type of situation. David’s negotiation skills with the HAP office, seller, and I were extensive due to federal budgeting constraints. However, David’s consistent follow up actions and in-depth knowledge of the system and program managers allowed the home to close earlier than expected.  Mr. Jaime Benavente

With a growing family, my wife and I were looking for a bigger home to move into.  We had purchased our starter home when the housing market was at its peak in 2006.  Our home had depreciated substantially so our situation was looking bleak.  We were also in the process of an international adoption (4th child) and wanted to move and be settled in before our child’s arrival.  We needed an exceptional realtor to help us sell our home where we could break even and then help us buy our new “dream” home.   We were introduced to David by my brother-in-law, who had a friend that was a neighbor to David.   David’s neighbor vouched for him, promising us a realtor with integrity, dedication, and undue professionalism.  My wife contacted David via email and no more than 10 minutes of sending the email, she received an immediate response.  David had already looked into our housing situation with comparable homes in the neighborhood! Upon meeting David for the first time, my wife and I were struck by David’s warm and enthusiastic personality.  He was also very prepared, intelligent, professional, and confident despite our bleak situation.  David informed us that our home was valued at $20k lower than where we needed to break even and that we would have to take the loss in order to sell.  My wife and I decided to wait until next year in the hope that our home would appreciate to the desired value.  We hadn’t heard from David since that meeting.  But then three months later, we received an email from David stating that a home in our neighbor had sold at the value we needed to break even and it was time to sell!  The value of our home had appreciated $20k in three months.  We would’ve never known this had it not been for David’s vigilance and knowledge of the fluctuating market.  Even though we hadn’t heard from him, he was committed to us, constantly watching the market on our behalf.  I met with David the following week on Tuesday and with his encouragement, we prepared to put our house officially on the market the following Monday.  We received a call from David a few days before our house was even on the market, that there were interested buyers already set up for a viewing on Monday!  David’s stellar relationship and connection with other realtors had us way ahead of the game!  To our amazement, we received our first and best offer the very day we put our house on the market! We had added $5k to the value for room for negotiation but the buyers added another $5k! We had several more viewings in the following days with more offers.  We decided to go with our first offer and ended up closing with a profit of $10k!  What would’ve been an incredibly taxing journey turned out to be a pleasant, even smooth ride with David as our realtor.  Within a week of selling our home, David also helped us buy our “dream” home, ideal for our growing family in every way.  His stellar reputation amongst the realtors was highly reputable and we were proud to be represented by him.  When looking into model homes and talking with other agents, David was well-known among the community as a generous, committed, dedicated realtor.  Through all the hiccups, ups and downs of this arduous process, David was always there for us, quick to respond, ready to work.  He has surprised and amazed us time and time again with his extreme professionalism and flawless attention to detail.  He has shown us nothing but loyalty, perseverance, commitment, generosity, vigilance, professionalism, integrity, and 200% of his efforts from day one.  David has always been honest and upfront with us, keeping us informed of our situation, whether good or bad.  He is always a step ahead, leading the charge.  We consider it our incredible joy and blessing to have met David and extremely honored to have been represented by him as our realtor.  I have no doubt we would not be able to have had the results we had with another realtor and will only seek David’s services in the future.  Master Sergeant Jack and Grace Thompson

I was arriving in Hawaii as a newcomer to the state and needed to find an apartment to rent near my work in Kapolei.  I was bewildered by the multitude of different realtors and listings on Craigslist.  I must have looked at over 35 apartments, either calling, driving by, or being shown by other realtors.  Nothing matched what I hoped to find.  Then someone at my new job recommended David Kucic.   He had an apartment for rent that seemed to suit what I was looking for.  He showed it to me.  I liked it, but I was still unsure of the market in Hawaii.  I asked my boss and his wife, long-time Hawaiians, to take a look at the apartment with me.  The confirmed my sense that this was a great place.  Unfortunately it wouldn’t be available for two months!  What to do?  David Kucic came to the rescue.  Through another realtor he found me a furnished apartment to rent until my new apartment was ready. I’ve had unfortunate experiences with realtors and of course I’ve heard many horror stories.  Through the next two months while making arrangements to move to the new apartment and working with the owners through David Kucic, I came to trust him completely. What a relief for a new resident of Hawaii.  Integrity is the word that comes to mind when I think of David Kucic.  He was scrupulously fair in representing the owners of the apartment I rented and totally honest in all of his dealings with me.  He asked to be informed when I was going to be off-island, so that he could check on the apartment.  I could tell that he was being a good steward for the owners.  When another job caused me to leave Hawaii before my lease was completed, he informed me honestly of my obligations and how, if another renter was found, I would be able to move away without  having to pay rent for an empty apartment.  He worked diligently and a good renter was found to move in when I left.  I consulted him about cleaning services and I called the people he recommended.  When I told them that David Kucic had recommended them, they told me that they immediately knew the quality of work they needed to do.  He clearly has a good reputation for service, honesty, and a high-level of expectation for all parties.  Hawaii is very fortunate to have realtors of David Kucic’s character.  If I were to move back to the island, David would be the first person I  would call.   Mr. Roy Bergeson

What a blessing it is to share the awesome testimony of how God aligns people together for the Glory of his kingdom.  You and Tonya have truly been and will always be a blessing!  My wife and I have often talked with others about the exceptional service and friendship that you and Tonya have blessed our family with.  We look forward to writing this testimony on what a blessing the Hawaii Military Realty, Inc has been in our lives.  Thank you so much for all the you and Tonya do, and continue to do, providing exceptional service and support for our service members!  Sergeant Major Toese Tia

We are a military family & while stationed in Hawaii we purchased a home. It was not a good timing, as shortly after we closed on our first home, the mortgage industry as we knew it started crumbling & falling apart.  Needless to say, when time came to PCS, we found ourselves in a position, where neither rental, nor selling the property was a good option. Renting left us with a hefty out of pocket expense on a monthly basis & selling was only possible through a short sale.  We asked David Kucic to take on the overbearing task of selling the property on our behalf, as we had to move elsewhere. Overbearing is an understatement, when one has to deal with the endless communication & lack thereof, between former & current holders of our then mortgage loans. But despite all the ups & downs, David Kucic kept going strong. Never did he lose his professional demeanor, always had a positive outlook on things & not for a second doubted that we’ll get through this, one way or another. Needless to say, he did see us through a successful short sale & we are forever thankful for his enormous efforts & great work!  We will always recommend David Kucic in the future, as by far he has been more than just a realtor to us. Having someone like David, who take his job & turns it into passion, treat his customers as friends, rather than just another number, all these things speak volumes & we can never forget that.  One can never go wrong, when deciding on going with David Kucic for all their real estate needs.
Sam and Svetelina Tomyim

The word “exceptional” does not even being to describe the type of service that I received from David Kucic.  I expect realtors to be knowledable, available, and honest.  Dave pushes well beyond these expectations.  He has a vast knowledge of the entire island of Oahu, which I learned first hand after asking for showings from everywhere from Ko Olina to Waikiki.  He didn’t just know the facts and the comps, but he had an understanding of the essence of the neighborhoods and the lifestyles they would fit.  He is available to his clients literally night and day, including weekends, and never took more than an hour to return a call.  Most importantly, though, he is honest, willing to give his opinion when asked.  His exceptional service met all of these expectations and more.  In addition to his competence and professionalism, he was a great guy to be around, possessing all of the extras and intangibles that put me at ease and made me trust him to help me with the biggest financial decision of my life.  I felt like we were teamates, and he was buying the property just as much as I was!  He took me through all of the stages of buying, from searching to closing.  Most realtors will follow through to closing, but Dave still sends me updates on sold properties in my building.  He keeps tabs on the building and the market for me, just because he knows that I am still curious and want to be updated on how much my condo’s comps are selling for.  He even called to let me know when rates had dropped!  Dave was fair through and through, clearly explaining everything to me and letting me know exactly what I was getting into.  He never tried to sell me on a more expensive condo, offered to refund any realtor bonuses to me, and made sure I was an informed buyer in every way possible.  I recently moved to San Antonio and bought another home….I wish I could have had Dave in Texas!  I have at least 5 friends that have used Dave, and everyone has been as thankful to him as I have.  Lieutenant Chris Westrom

I started looking for and talking with a number of realtor’s while my wife and I were still living in South, Korea, preparing for our move to Oahu, Hawaii. Every realtor I spoke with only wanted to know the ceiling of how much I could spend, and were not very willing to show me anything but those near my price ceiling. Once we arrived on Island our experience only became worse. I could not find a realtor that would take the time to not only listen, but give suggestions as well. While searching the internet one day I came across David Kucic. I could see that he was retired military as I am, so I figured we would at least be speaking the same language. What a pleasant surprise it was to find David. After we initially spoke, he must have sent me 30 different listings within the hour. My previous experience’s were maybe a reply within a week. He constantly returned my e-mail’s and calls as soon as he possibly could. When we had selected a dozen of so places to see, David came to our apartment and picked us up in his own car. We were amazed at his generosity as our previous realtor met us at the first place we looked at and then drove her own car as we followed. That was very upsetting as we had just moved to the island and really did not know which way was up! David knew when to keep quite and let my wife and I just look. He also knew when to chime in and explain. He is an extremely polite and courteous gentlemen that always made us feel that we were like we were his priority. I remember a few times as he was showing us properties that he would receive calls from other clients. he was always so polite as to ask if we cared if he step away to take the call, and he always asked if he could call back as he was assisting another client. These are not just qualities of a realtor. These are qualities of a true professional. I had never met David Kucic before then, however I know that if i need anything I can call or e-mail and he will assist us. In fact, we just found out that we are relocating again in the near future and David recommended us to a gentlemen to manage or property. What better service could you ask for? We are proud to call David our friend and realtor.  Sergeant Major (Retired) Donald Gower.

When my husband and I arrived to Hawaii in December 2010 we immediately fell in love and knew that we wanted to make this our permanent home. After looking at several places for rent or sale on our own we discovered that it would be difficult to search and find a place that was right for us without the help of a realtor.  I picked up a homebuyers guide in the lobby of the hotel we were staying in and found an ad for Dave Kucic. His ad appealed to us because my husband and I are both in the Army and Dave is retired Army, but we wanted to meet with a few different realtors before choosing one. Dave was the first and last realtor we met with; we knew right away that he was a perfect fit for our family. He was warm and friendly, personable yet still very professional. Right from the beginning the odds were stacked against us. We have a large family (5 members), two large breed dogs, a looming deployment to Afghanistan, and Christmas right around the corner. We needed to find a place big enough for all of us that we loved and could afford, hopefully get moved in before the holidays, and definitely close before my husband left for a 12 month deployment. Dave set right to work. That same day he showed us three places. He was very in tune with what we were looking for and kept us focused on the different options that would work for us. He only showed us places that he knew would fit all of our needs, and he dedicated a lot of time to our cause….sometimes full days just to us. We found a place within a couple of weeks that was perfect for us. Dave handled all of the details that needed to be handled in order to get us in the home that we had fallen in love with. We got everything we wanted; a home to spend Christmas with our family in, a fast closing that was finished before my husband left on his deployment, and a place that we can all be happy in for many years to come. Without Dave none of it would have been possible. As a realtor he really stuck in there and gave us the VIP treatment. As a fellow service member he showed that he continues to live the Warrior Ethos and Army Values that he promised to serve and live by for so many years. I truly feel that Hawaii is better off for having professionals like Dave who understand the true meaning of the word “service”, who has served his country, and then continued to choose service to his community through his new profession as a realtor. In a largely military community, he is an invaluable asset.  Staff Sergeants Dawn and Johnny Ramos.

David exceeded our expectations as a buyer’s agent. My wife and I had no prior experience in using a buyer’s agent to assist in finding a home and completing the purchase transaction. But when we submitted an inquiry to a website with which David is affiliated, he contacted us promptly and clearly explained to us his role and how he would help us in our home search. Then throughout the process, I found David to extremely balanced and insightful as he helped us evaluate various properties. An agent could have easily not told us of his/her concerns about a particular property, which would have likely resulted in us finding a property sooner and pursuing a transaction, but David was not at all reluctant to identify concerns we never would have known about and to let us know so we could properly consider whether a property was right for us. We truly appreciated this transparency and integrity as we sought David’s advice on properties in Hawaii. I also found David to be extremely responsive to our questions, responding as accurately and completely as possible within a very short time period. And if he did not know the answer to a question immediately, he communicated to us that he did not know it, but that he would find out and let us know within a defined time period. This was very comforting to us and allowed us to anticipate every step of the process smoothly. Again, throughout the process, David followed up on every step of the transaction to ensure we were 100% clear on the requirements and implications of each step, and then he also ensured that the counterparty responded appropriately to our questions and requests. We made an offer on this property “sight unseen” and David’s support was very helpful to ensure that we were fully comfortable with the property we were buying. He visited the property on our behalf, took photos and video, and conducted independent assessments of comparables to ensure we were offering a fair price.  Before making an offer sight unseen on the property we ultimately purchased, we had been in Hawaii on vacation and visited a number of other properties with David. There were many times that David could have simply withheld his views on negative aspects of a property, in order to accelerate a transaction. But instead he was very proactive in identifying concerns and giving us a very realistic assessment of whether a property met our expectations. Without his assistance, I am certain we would not have been so happy with the property we ultimately bought.  Mr. Burl Hays.

David Kucic provided exceptional service and exceeded all my expectations in marketing and selling my home for me in a tough and down-turned market.  I shopped around for the best Realtor I could find as I knew it was a tough time to sell my home and there were many homes in my neighborhood in competition that had been on the market for several months.  A neighbor had referred David Kucic to me and boy am I glad he did.  I had many questions about selling my first home.  My circumstances were that I was an active duty military member facing retirement without an income opportunity in the area that would allow me to continue to meet my mortgage obligation, also my home had lost $100,000 in value since I purchased it over three years earlier and I was way upside down on my loan.  I had a firm job offer back on the mainland, but I was not going to have sufficient income to cover my Hawaii mortgage and meet living expenses in a new area.  I considered keeping my home and renting it out, but the amount of rent I would have been able to get would not have covered my mortgage and maintenance fees, and I would have had to come up with almost $1,000 per month to meet the difference.  I was the most scared I had ever been in my life.  David Kucic took the time to patiently answer all of my questions about what a short sale is, how the short sale worked and what the ramifications to my credit could be.  He helped me and my wife every step of the way through what was a very stressful and uncertain time for us.  To start with David came over and looked at our home, sat down with my wife and I and explained the entire process.  He helped us to fill out the forms to request approval for a short sale from our lender.  He then took some very flattering pictures of our home and immediately got busy marketing it.  Not only did David Kucic list our home on MLS, he posted it on multiple other web sites including Zillow.  He paid the fees to Zillow and other sites to market our home.  His exceptional knowledge of the market and the short sale process gave us the clear advantage.  Dave priced our home right at the fair market price at the time and we had an offer and a backup offer in no time.  I could not believe it, other comparable and even nicer homes in our neighborhood (8 homes on my street alone) had sat on the market for 5 months or more and yet David had buyers for us quickly with written offers.  We had a firm offer with a backup for safety sake.  With written offer in hand I went ahead and took the new job on the mainland and moved.  David then did another amazing thing, he rented out my home to the buyer so they could live there while we all waited for the banks to close the deal.  This saved me expenses such as HOA and maintenance fees as the new buyers were paying them in the form of rent.  During the time that I had moved away and my home was being rented by the buyer, ground termites were discovered in several locations around the foundation of the house.  David Kucic notified me immediately of the concern and recommended a termite inspector and termite treatment.  He advised me that the fair and right thing to do was for me to pay for the inspection and the treatment.  He referred me to an excellent company that went to work right away on the problem.  The termite treatment company even worked with me on payments giving me a couple of months to pay for all the work they did.  The termite company David recommended even came out the very next day on a Saturday.  This quick action put the potential buyers and current tenants at ease and in my opinion saved the sale.  After the sale was complete I received a letter from my bank indicating that because of my circumstances and the way the short sale was conducted, that they would not be pursuing me for the remaining balance on the loan, nor would they file a claim against me with the Veterans’ Administration (I had a VA Loan).  This was a huge relief and a blessing as I thought for sure that I would lose my VA eligibility forever.  It is my firm conviction that the expert guidance, thorough follow through, tenacious marketing, and fair dealings of David Kucic are the reasons why I came out of my hardship in great shape.  I am very grateful to David Kucic and highly recommend him to anyone seeking to buy or sell a home.  Please feel free to email me at i.am.dave.harris@gmail.com and I will tell you myself how professional and thorough he is.   Master Sergeant (Retired) David Harris

David Kucic was referred to me by my previous realtor so I didn’t know him.  However, all my concerns were set to rest almost immediately by David’s professionalism, knowledge and his obvious experience.  Unfortunately for David my business with him was a Shrot Sale but David assured me WE would get through it.  That is exactly what we did, even though Wells Fargo wasn’t working with us very well and it took us almost a year from Jan 2010 through Dec 2010 to finalize the Short Sale, David made it happen.  Through all the gueling paperwork and endless communications between me, David and Wells Fargo, David stuck with it and made made sure it all came together.  Wells Fargo lost us several buyers and Wells Fargo’s communications with us and or personnel in their own organization were very lacking.  So, there were many times I thought for certain David would be contacting me just to say he couldn’t do it anymore and that it wasn’t worth it anymore for him to keep trying to work the Short Sale for me.  Even though he said during all of his years of experience as a realtor he had never had one last so long and be so exhausting.  However, David never gave up and like a true warrior he never quit the fight during this year long process.  David was the lynchpin and or focal point that held everything together, to make the process as smooth and successful for me as possible considering the circumstances.  There were several times during this long hard process I felt as though it was never going to end and or was never going to be finalized but David always assured me we would make it happen.  David was not only an excellent personable realtor at times he felt like a friend that was there for support and or guidance when I needed it most.  If you’re looking to buy and or sell a home David Kucic is definitely the Realtor to depend on regardless of the circumstances.  David Kucic is loyal, dedicated, trustworthy and I am so thankful he assisted me with my Short Sale.  I am honored to know him not only as a Realtor but as a man and a friend!!  Thanks again David I truly appreciate all you’ve done for me and I wish you all the best the world has to offer for you and your family!!  Master Sergeant (Retired) Scott Chaplin

Throughout my experience with David Kucic, I never really felt like a client.  I felt more like a friend of his that he was helping and advising through the home buying process.  I was a first time home buyer who didn’t know much about the process.  David was always there to answer my questions or promptly gather information from lenders.  It never really seemed like too early was in David’s vocabulary.  It didn’t matter how early I called or emailed, David was always there to lend me a helping hand.      David’s exceptional service didn’t end once I closed on my home.  David is still always there to help me find inspectors, contractors, or to just answer a real estate question that I might have.  He helps me select businesses that not only have a good reputation, but ones that offer the best deal or discounts towards me.   Home buying can be a difficult and frustrating process.  Luckily for me, I had David Kucic to always make sure that I was getting the best deal and that the process was being completed efficiently and correctly.  CW3 Phil Wilson

I am a pilot in the military and I was stationed in Korea.  I was transferred to Hawaii and didn’t know where I was going to live.  My wife contacted David Kucic via a reference and am I glad that we found him.  First he is retired military, and his knowledge and professionalism when dealing with the military buyer is second to none.  He walked me through every step of the buying process and put all of my first time buyer nervousness to rest.  Without his knowledge of the local area, VA benefits, and the buying process, I never would have been able to handle the purchase being out of the country.  When I arrived at the airport with my family, he was there waiting with his ohana and the spirit of aloha that only a true island representative could produce.  David and his wife made sure that we were welcome, and well taken care of while we waited in a hotel for our house to become available.  He even made arrangements for me to have an automobile to get around the island while we waited.  He and Tonya not only were our agents, but quickly became our friends and “go to” people when we had any issues, or out of the box needs.  They not only assisted us with the move, but answered every question that we had.  I had to move again 3 years later and unfortunately had to short-sale our home.  He not only brought the same level of knowledge and professionalism that he displayed with the purchase, but made the process so stream-lined that I never had to question or worry about the sale.  It was a very stressful time in my family’s life with the move to Alabama, and the short-sale.  David and Tonya made sure that all issues were taken care of and represented me through the selling  process.  I was constantly updated, and the proper forms were sent to me to be filled out, timely, and explained thoroughly.  The only thing that I had to wait for was the phone call from David notifying me that the house was sold.  I would recommend David and Tonya to anyone, and everyone that asks about real estate when moving to the islands.  They are true Ohana, they want to help good people, and display everyday what it means to be both.  CW2 Casey Clark

I had the pleasure of meeting David Kucic several years ago when we initially considered selling our home. At that time (December 2007), my husband and I decided not to put our home on the market, but promised David when the time came to sell our home we would contact him. True to our word, I called David in the Fall of 2010, and asked him to list our home. I was confident that David would provide honest feedback and exceptional service, but I had no idea how far he would surpass my expectations. From the onset of the transaction, David set the PROFESSIONAL EXPECTATIONS that he would do everything he could to market my home properly, price it correctly, and find the right buyer. Knowing that my home was one of several townhome units in Ewa Beach, it was critical for him to set the expectation up front.  David’s EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE service simply cannot be described in words. Not only did David agree to list my home, he found me a program unique to my situation that would grant my husband and I financial assistance to sell our home. He prevented us from listing our home as a Short Sale and as a result gave us an incredible peace of mind. Throughout the process, David was always available, day or night, to help. He conducted a thorough walk through of our property and pointed out some areas of improvement to make the home more marketable. Without his help, I am confident my husband and I would still own this home and would struggle to make ends meet month after month.  The HAP program was a lengthy process that required a significant amount of preparation prior to listing the home as well as THOROUGH FOLLOW-UP by both David and myself. Because of David’s preparation and follow up, we were able to go through the entire HAP transaction smoothly with no set-backs. We stayed in constant communication throughout the process. David was always honest and forthcoming with information and never tried to hide information or mislead me in any way. He was always engaged in FAIR DEALINGS. David Kucic is clearly a man of great integrity. I have the utmost respect for him as a person and as a realtor. I am truly honored to have had the pleasure of working with him. Although we will always miss our home in Ewa Beach, my husband and I sleep much better every night knowing we got the best deal possible…all because of David’s amazing service!!  Steven and Stephanie Genchi

Dave’s work ethic and business savvy are unmatched in this field. I have worked with several others in the real estate business and not once have I encountered an agent as trustworthy, reliable, and hardworking as Dave. Every question I had was thoroughly answered and every document presented to me was explained in great detail. I was extremely impressed with the information I received from Dave. His expertise in the real estate area is unmatched from my previous experiences. As a Captain in the Army I would recommend them to any of my peers, family, or friends. Dave is an honorable and trustworthy agent. I always felt like Dave gave me the straight assessment of information every time I dealt with him. He was always early to every meeting we had, answered every phone call right away and would reply on email in less than 2 hours to any question I asked. After my enjoyable experience with Dave finding the house of my dreams he is the only agent I would consider in my future endeavors in Hawaii.  Captain Kenny Davis

We’ve been blessed with a truly dedicated real estate agent. His willingness to go the extra mile for us had made our first home buying experience easy. If we had a question, David would not hesitate to find the answer for us. He is a trustworthy and compassionate person when it come to the needs of his clients. In a sense, the transistion from renter to homeowner was effortless. We appreciate everything he has done for us and have since been singing his praises to anyone willing to listen. Thank you David for a stellar job. We’ll be certain to call on your services when we decide to sell or buy a home in the islands again. You and your family are always welcome in our home.  SFC Tres and Mary Redd.

My husband and I had been working with another agent for quite some time while we lived in Hawaii but since we moved to Germany we felt the agent no longer believed we were serious buyers. Frustrated and bit pessimistic I happened to check the Hawaii MLS listings. To my amazement the home I had always had my eye on, was up for sale. I ‘googled’ military-VA-real estate, or some variation of those words and came across David Kucic’s website. I registered with my information not expecting much and doubtful about the reality of purchasing a home in Hawaii while living in Germany. Surprisingly I received an email and phone call from David within 24 hours. Unless you’ve lived overseas it’s difficult to understand how rare this is. Most of the time when dealing with businesses in the States you are typically told they are unable to call Internationally or that they just plain don’t know how. I was impressed form the beginning with David’s professionalism. As an active duty service member purchasing a home thousands of miles away, I was comforted by David’s familiarity with the Army and our particular situation. We have purchased and sold other properties while we lived in Hawaii but none moved as timely and seamlessly as the transaction we did with David while living in Germany. David was available to answer any questions we had and provided sound advice based on knowledge and experience. He was honest and informative of not just the pros but the cons too. He helped us make the best decisions for our situation. He actually listened to our plans, goals and expectations. He truly was available via email and phone daily if not hourly while going above and beyond our expectations. It was obvious that David and his team set a high standard of customer service and he expected that same standard from the other agencies he works with. He was flexible, dependable, attentive, and willing to work and communicate exactly how we preferred while advocating for us every step of the way. Not only will I recommend the Kucic team to our friends, family and any interested buyer/seller. I will be using them for all of our real estate services in the future.
Sergeant Taryn and Micah Bargas.

Thank you David and Tonya from the bottom of our hearts.  We could not thank you enough for the outstanding representation you provided for us during this trying time.  When the mortgage company went bankrupt 4 weeks into the transaction, we were left homeless until you both calmed us down and eventually got us into the home.  We were ready to give up and become renters once again.  We tell everyone that we know about what you did for us and we are so happy to have found you.  Thanks for taking me on that deep sea fishing trip.  I had a blast even though I didn’t get to pull in the biggest fish that day.  The housewarming party is right around the corner and you are at the top of our guest list.  Your friends, Coast Guard Petty Officer Second Class Brett Salter 

We were so lucky to find you!  Thank you very much for helping us to purchase our first home.  You are extremely efficient, knowledgeable and an awesome communicator.  Sorry we weren’t quite as good with the communication as you were!  We are very happy in our new home and when it is time to sell, you will be the only one that we would ever think to call.  Sincerely, Staff Sergeant Matt and Belinda Garza.

David and Tonya Kucic are phenomenal agents.  They are everything that we would have ever expected from realtors.  They came to our hotel to drop off documents, drove us around looking at homes, kept us updated always via email and phone calls and most importantly to us, THEY COULD ALWAYS BE REACHED.  Since we were short on time for finding a house and closing, we needed an agent that was accessible via email, phone, fax and in person.  Thankfully we found David and Tonya Kucic!  We are now happy homeowners in Hawaii and could have never done this without their assistance.  We will recommend them to everyone we meet that mentions “realtor”  MAJOR MO and Ann Loynes.

I couldn’t imagine buying a home without David and Tonya Kucic of Tropic Lightning Realty. I was a first time home buyer and they took the time to walk me through all the steps. I never felt any pressure from them to buy a particular property, and they even looked out from me when I was in the process of getting into a bad mortgage deal. During the week I am pretty busy, so when I couldn’t make the trip to them, they came to me when there were papers to sign, or things to consider. I would not hesitate to recommend them to a friend, and I will definitely go to them in the future for any real-estate needs.  Lieutenant Derek Curry.

David and Tonya Kucic of Hawaii Military Realty.  This comes from Jennifer and I, both names you can use as references.  We had a wonderful experience with your services during  the many homes that you showed us, around 20 or so, in various neighborhoods and communities over the month and change and we worked well together.  You never pushed anything upon us or pressured us into placing an offer on a property we were not interested in.  You did research on the three properties that we thought about bidding on and weren’t upset when we decided against the property in Makakilo with the high association/maintenance fees upon the sellers counter-offer.  You figured out our tastes so much that you found the house we bought in Ocean Pointe (that was almost new!!) Your dedication to service never faltered as you showed up to do the final walk-though, at closing with the mortgage lender; and at escrow,  and even afterwards stopped by and gave a house warming gift.  This is not the first house I have bought, but the Kucic’s are by far the Best Realtors I have ever dealt with!  I would recommend them to anyone looking to buy or sell in Hawaii!  Sergeant First Class Charles and Jennifer Covey.

David and Tonya Kucic of Hawaii Military Realty are an incredible real estate team!  My wife and I had certain requirements for our new home (both financially and architecturally) which really narrowed our options.  But David and Tonya were very patient with us and, because of their knowledge of the different neighborhoods, they were able to help us locate just the right home.  I felt that they gave us individualized service, going above and beyond to help my wife and I make the right decision.  They even took the time to e-mail my wife pictures of the houses we were viewing since she was still in the mainland and unable to tour them with me.  When we finally located a home, they provided us with detailed information, helping us to make the right offer.  From the beginning of our search to after closing, the Kucics provided us with exceptional, thorough, and personal service.  I recommend them to anyone interested in buying a home!  Captain Todd and Ophelia Isreal